>> Steve Kinney: Hello everyone,
my name is Steve, and
we're gonna talk about AI today.
But we're gonna talk about AI a little bit
differently than I think a lot of people,
including myself a few days ago,
are talking about AI,
where a lot of the zeitgeist around
artificial intelligence right now
involves going into one's favorite
chatbot and being impressed.
Or maybe pointing said chatbot
at their own code base or
maybe going in there and saying,
draw me a picture of a very,
very angry hamburger or
something along those lines.
And that is all very good, and
I do it and you do it, we all do it.
What we're going to do today is actually
kind of go down to the fundamentals and
start figuring out how all this stuff
works kind of at the lower levels,
we won't say the lowest,
but lower levels where
we'll do stuff like some very kind
of basic text transformations.
We'll fine tune GPT2 to make
it do something that we want.
We will go look at how to generate our own
images and then we'll look at how can we
fine tune that to have it specifically
generate images of, I mean, your dog.
My dog.
I'm going to generate pictures of my dog.
What you choose to generate is up to you
and kind of actually figure out all this
stuff works because there are a lot of
very powerful practical applications,
applications of just some
of the smaller pieces.
And I think what's really cool about some
of this stuff is the fact that you can,
there are given features.
You want to pull down
an open source model and
work with it to do that feature that
you want as just part of your code base
without all of the extra API key dancing,
so on and so forth.
We're going to do it today predominantly,
almost exclusively in the Python
programming language.
That said, for all of the text parts,
we use this SDK service, Hugging Face.
They have both a typescript and
a Python SDK for all of the text stuff.
When we get to the part of the show
that is working with graphics cards and
generated images,
Python is the predominant game in town.
So we're gonna do it all today in Python.
That said, if you're like,
I don't know Python, you're gonna be okay.
If you know JavaScript and
you squint at Python, it's not that bad.
So yeah, lots of really,
really cool things that I'm
really excited about today.
And like I said along the way, it's not
just about necessarily how do I use yet
another SDK to do yet another thing but
we will also kind of use these
tools to find out, like, okay,
I hear about Transformers more than
meets the eye, but how does that work?
I know these words tokens and embeddings,
I've heard these words before.
I don't really know what that means.
So we will by the end of this,
and it'll be pretty cool.
General flow of what we're gonna do
today is, some of this stuff, obviously,
if you're new to all of this, there
are terms and words and stuff like that.
So the kind of rhythm and
flow that we're gonna do is I'm gonna
kind of explain a bunch of
concepts conceptually with words.
And then we'll do a second pass
through them with actual code.
That way you can kind of, like,
put all the mental roadmap in place of
what we're going to talk about,
and then we will see the code.
Because sometimes both reading code and
understanding concepts at
the same time is dreadful.
So we'll do it kind of two passes.